README.md, before:

# Rhys's ANS Winter Conference Abstract
In this folder, we will outline and write Rhys's abstract for the winter conference.

## Steps:
- [ ] Read papers about your topic and take notes.
- [ ] Write the background section based on your notes.
- [ ] Decide the question based on what is absent from the literature.
- [ ] Outline the parts of the simulation and what metrics you'll use.
- [ ] Write the introduction based on the plan.
- [ ] Detail what information you need for the simulation.
- [ ] Build/run the simulations.
- [ ] Analyze the metrics outlined before.
- [ ] Write Results.
- [ ] Write Conclusions.
- [ ] Write Abstract.

## Potential Questions
1. What are the economic benefits of reprocessing HALEU vs LEU?
2. How is proliferation risk changed when reprocessing HALEU vs LEU?
3. When reprocessing metal vs oxide fuel,what are the different methods that would need to be employed for HALEU?

### Final Question
<!-- Think about how you are going to compare results or insert a control -->
What is the proliferation risk of reprocessing HALEU and how does it compare to the risk for LEU?
## Cocktail Hour Summary
<!-- 2 sentences max -->
Reprocessing fuel saves the good stuff from being thrown away, but there is a risk that bad actors will reprocess to make weapons. There are methods of reprocessing that have less of a proliferation risk, and luckily with the new generation of fuel, HALEU, there is even less of a risk.

### Keywords
<!-- What 4/5 words are most relevant to your work -->
Proliferation, HALEU, TRISO, Cyclus ...

## Key Metrics
<!-- SWU, Isotopes, Mass of Fuel fresh/used, Energy Output are common -->
1. Isotopes
2. IAEA significant quantities



# ANS Transactions LaTeX template

Run these commands from the command line in this order:

    pdflatex example
    bibtex example
    pdflatex example
    pdflatex example

Commit message:

Update README.md to TWoFCS outline

README.md, after:

# Rhys's Technical Workshop on Fuel Cycle Simulation Abstract
In this folder, we will outline and write Rhys's abstract for TWoFCS.

## Steps:
- [ ] Review Greg's work on pyre and take notes.
- [ ] Review safeguards literature and take notes
- [ ] Write the background section based on notes.
- [ ] Ask Nathan for a summary of Cyclus and archetypes.
- [ ] Write Abstract.

### Final Goal
<!-- Think about how you are going to compare results or insert a control -->
Update pyre to work with the current version of cyclus and replicate the results from Greg's thesis.
## Cocktail Hour Summary
<!-- 2 sentences max -->
Fuel cycle simulations are good tools for determining valuable information about fuel cycles. Proliferation resistance is essential to modern fuel cycles, and it can be accounted for by using pyre in conjunction with pyre.
### Keywords
<!-- What 4/5 words are most relevant to your work -->
Proliferation, Cyclus, pyre ...

## Key Metrics
<!-- SWU, Isotopes, Mass of Fuel fresh/used, Energy Output are common -->
1. Isotopes
2. IAEA significant quantities



# ANS Transactions LaTeX template

Run these commands from the command line in this order:

    pdflatex example
    bibtex example
    pdflatex example
    pdflatex example
